Figures to work on still

4.4: MOF loaded with calcein is taken up into cells
"Images were captured on the LAG SIM, utilising optical sectioning to remove out of focus light. 
Representative image slices over a \SI{24}{\hour} period are shown in Figure~\ref{fig:calcein-MOF-uptake}. 
The figure shows that the MOF itself is highly autofluorescent at the same wavelength as calcein, such that the calcein released from the MOF cannot be seen on its own. "

Use image slices from webpage. a b c d e f. Consider running reconstructions again? (But probably don't bother.)


Figure 4.6: MOF loaded with siRNA is take up into cells, when the conditions are right. An endosome release factor is required to allow the MOF/siRNA complex to exit the endosome without being degraded.
4 conditions of uptake. This figure is in the paper, but maybe have another go at reconstruction to tidy it up? Or choose another colour scheme??


Figure 5.1 Reproduced from \cite{valm2017applying} ?. ER forms connections with loads of things in the cell.
Save this til we re-write the introduction


Figure 5.3 FRET probe / ATP depletion.
Again, save til introudction? Or copy Figure out of ER supplementaries


Figure 5.4 The ER network is in a state of dynamic equilibrium, with a small number of nodes being created and destroyed at any given time to cause network rearrangement. 
Figure~\ref{fig:ER-rearrangement} shows a sample image of the ER network, with examples of node and endpoint rearrangement inset.
This is painful... 

Figure 5.5 
WEKA vs threshold. Also not so straightforward to make... find an image where threshold has worked badly, and WEKA has worked well!


Figure 5.6 RED, GREEN, BLUE figure overlayed on black-and-white ER figure? 


Figure 5.7 Tubules growing and shrinking over time. Is this a necessary figure? 


Figure 5.8 When ER tubules pinch, their width decreases to below the resolution limit of SIM; however this can still be observed as a decrease in intensity, confirmed by the simulation shown here. Pinches were highlighted using the `Edges' colourmap in ImageJ.

Need to simulate this on MATLAB still


Figure 5.9 Normal, blebbing, normal. Can get this directly out of paper supplementaries


Figure 5.12 Single particle looks similar to 5.2; and 'homogeneity' measure over time, increasing exponentially? 